1. Hello I'm Anton Gavrilenkov from New York and I'm going to present my Harvard CS50's Introduction to Computer Science final project. 

2. I named it Video Slides Generator. It is a simple web-based application that can help people to generate simple video slides for Instagram. 

3. I built it using a C-library FFmpeg, Python, JS, SQL and Twitter Bootstrap 4 framework.

4. At the next step I'm going to show you how it works.

5. Here is a user interface of the home page. 

6. To build a slides video user should input text for each of its slides. Also user can pick text color and background color for each slide.

7. After user finished with the text he can pick a video format. I've just implemented Instagram video format. It's possible to extended this functionality in the future.

8. User also can pick a audio for the video presentation and slide duration. I added a few options that can be extended in the future as well.

9. After you user picked all options video slides file can be generated and downloaded by pressing Download Slideshow Video button at the bottom.

10. Here is a generated video. It works perfect.

11. If user wants to have access to previosly generated videos he must create an account. He can do it at register page.

12. So I'm going to create a demo user.

13. After I registered a new user I have to login.

14. You can see My Slides - a new menu in the top menu of the web app.

15. Now I'm going to create a new slides video and show you how I can use it later.

16. .... Talking about creating a new slides video ....

17. Now I can go to My Slides in the future and see all created slides. I can see date when slides were created, I can see details about each slide, I can download its video or I can delete it. It's so simple.

18. In the future I'm planing to add more features and more video formats to the application. Also I opensourced it on GitHub. Feel free to check its source code and text me if you have any questions.

19. Thank you for listening. Goodbye. 

